Spark java documentation added (#2063)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/110-java/content/104-java-orm/102-hibernate.md

> # Hibernate
> 
> Hibernate is a Java framework that simplifies the development of Java application to interact with the database. It is an open source, lightweight, ORM (Object Relational Mapping) tool. Hibernate implements the specifications of JPA (Java Persistence API) for data persistence.
> 
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Site' href='https://hibernate.org/'>Hibernate</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/hibernate-tutorial'>javaTpoint Hibernate</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Hibernate

Hibernate is an open source object-relational mapping ([ORM](https://theserverside.techtarget.com/definition/object-relational-mapping)) tool that provides a framework to map object-oriented domain models to relational databases for web applications.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Site' href='https://hibernate.org/'>Hibernate</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/hibernate-tutorial'>javaTpoint Hibernate</BadgeLink>
```
